"Ask India Thread Welcome to r/India's Ask India Thread. 

If you have any queries about life in India (or life as Indians), this is the thread for you. 

Please keep in mind the following rules:

* Top level comments are reserved for queries.
* No political posts.
* Relationship queries belong in /r/RelationshipIndia.
* Please try to search the internet before asking for help. Sometimes the answer is just an internet search away. :) 

[Older Threads](https://www.reddit.com/r/india/search?q=%22Ask+India+Thread%22+flair%3AScheduled&restrict_sr=on&include_over_18=on&sort=new&t=all)"
"Mental & Emotional Health Support Thread Welcome to /r/India's mental and emotional health support thread. 

If you are struggling and are looking for support, please use this thread to discuss your issues with other members of /r/India. 

Please keep in point the following rules:

* Be kind. Harsh language and rudeness will not be tolerated in these threads. The aim is to support and help, not demotivate and abuse. 
* Top level comments are reserved for those seeking advice. 

[Older Threads](https://www.reddit.com/r/india/search/?q=%22Mental+Health+Support%22+flair%3AScheduled&include_over_18=on&restrict_sr=on&t=all&sort=new)"
"Just got scammed for 45,000 Like the title suggests, I was dumb enough to get scammed for 45,000. I was trying to sell a treadmill on OLX, and once I put up the ad, I immediately got a few responses asking if it was available. after chatting a while with one buyer, we agreed on a given price of 45,000. 

When he said he would pay me immediately and then arrange for pickup, I got a bit suspicious, but I still trusted him, since his WhatsApp pfp and other credentials looked convincing. 

Then he sent me a PayTM split payment for 45,000, which I was supposed to send to him. So, I called him and asked about it. he said that because he is a merchant, he can't issue direct payments and can only initiate refunds. but I was still suspicious, so he sent me another split bill of 5000. I sent that, and he refunded that 5k to me, along with another 5k. 

So after that, he sent the 45k split bill request again, and stupidly, I agreed to send him the entire amount. After sending, he kept on shouting that for big amounts you have to do the payments twice and was asking for even more money. 

At this point, I realized I was getting scammed, so I cut the call, and went straight to the police station to file an FIR for cyber-crime. they told me to register a grievance on the Cyber Crime helpline 1930.

I am now at a 45,000 loss and in regret. But I can put that idiot on full blast here on Reddit. 

He contacted me on OLX with the name **Rajesh Kumar**. his phone number is **9162729406**. if any of you also get a call from him, report him immediately.

  
I know it was stupid of me to get scammed like this. But now I know better."
"I found a MK bag on goa airport. You will be surprised knowing what was inside. I went to Goa few days ago with family and my return flight was on 3rd November from dabolim airport to Mumbai. I was quietly sitting in from of my boarding gate G in the evening when I found a black MK bag on the seat next to me..we were sitting there for 45 mins and no one was there. At first I thought someone will come but no one turned up. 
I told the indigo guys at the counter but they said to ask the security guys and raised their hand.
Now, any normal person would have just called security but I thought, it's airport,.the bag is already inside, there are very few chances of it having something bad in it. So I thought maybe I will find an id inside and contact the person.
So I opened it. Inside was just cash. 500ra notes. A bundle of it and some change and a lipstick. 😂 
Now at this point,  I cursed my parents for teaching me too much honesty. So I just closed the bag, went to the security and handed the bag to them. They submitted it to the security check at the conveyor belt there, counted the notes. It was over 50k+ and then they took my details and l left. 
I just hope that the person who thinks that only money and a lipstick is all she needs to conquer the world gets it back. 
Also, what would you have done guys in my situation? 🙈"
'Never procured a drop of milk': How Uttarakhand dairy duped Tirupati trust for 5 years with 68 lakh kg fake ghee
"350 kg Explosives, Rifle Found Near Delhi, 2 J&K Doctors Arrested In 15 Days"
Kapil Sibal alleges railways ran special trains from Haryana to Bihar for transporting BJP voters to Bihar elections
"Yogi says ‘Vande Mataram’ will be mandatory in UP schools, asserts “no other Jinnah can rise again”"
"Delhi: Car blast near Red Fort Metro Station, several vehicles catch fire | India News - The Times of India"
"Why has ECI yet to disclose male, female voter turnout in first phase: Tejashwi Yadav"
"Air pollution levels surge in India’s capital, sparking rare protests"
Delhi court sets aside order to investigate Minister Kapil Mishra's role in Delhi riots
Major security lapse at Delhi Airport as UK national flees during layover
"If you thought that the Government entrusting email services to one private corporation - Zoho - was bad enough, wait till you hear about Zscaler Praveen Chakravarty (@pravchak) on X is [reporting](https://x.com/pravchak/status/1987061536125559261?s=20) that GoI staff has been asked to use Zscaler as an additional layer of security when accessing Zoho. There is a [document on scribd](https://www.scribd.com/document/763486781/1-zoho-mail-migration) that describes the steps that the user needs to follow. (Why an internal GoI process document is available in a public website like scribd is a topic for another day).

Think of Zscaler as a sort of VPN. And we can understand why this was needed: in the earlier system, when their mail was self-hosted on NIC servers, they had no need to use an additional security layer. Now that they have moved to a cloud-based solution, Zoho, they need to use one.

This opens an entire new can of worms. The Zscaler Client Connector, the component that runs on the user's computer, is capable of doing SSL/TLS decryption. This works by installing the Zscaler Root CA in the computer's trusted store. In plain English this means that the e-mails that are sent or received can be read *in plain text* by Zscaler. The Zscaler architecture needs this ability in order to perform its stated goal of securing the end-point, but the thought of an American corporation being privy to plain text GoI email traffic is something for us to consider. This should at least be discussed in parliament, if not released as a general Press Release for the citizens' information.

Now it is true that Zscaler is a globally trusted company, and their services are used by corporations worldwide. The question for us as Indian citizens, though, is if it is good enough to be used by the GoI in the National Security context. Zscaler is an American corporation: if for example the US government asks for a Lawful Intercept on GoI email traffic, they'll probably be bound to comply."
Delhi Residents Protesting Against Air Pollution Detained By Cops
"Bengaluru: 21-year-old man rapes, impregnates minor sister by threatening suicide"
"Gen Z, Politics and “Rizz” | Rahul Gandhi"
"Why has India stopped debating? I grew up in India in 80s and 90s - a time when debate and discussion were part of our social DNA. 

From Doordarshan and Akashvani to later platforms like NDTV(then NDTV under Prannon Roy), and others, our media once celebrated discourse.

You could tune in and actually see people with opposing views engage respectfully, trying to reach some form of consensus.

Fast forward to today: that culture seems almost gone. India feels like a non-engaging, non-participatory democracy - where dialogue has been replaced by noise and questions are often seen as threats and shouting over your lungs gets you attention.

Debating used to be in the DNA of students, youth. Seems polarised views, opinionated attitudes and irrational beliefs killed such healthy debating culture?

Whether it was college canteens, newsrooms, or parliament - there was a culture of healthy disagreement and a search for consensus.

Debates are essential - they question conventional wisdom, promote transparency, and teach empathy. 

But now, disagreement is often seen as disloyalty.

What went wrong? Is it fear of backlash? The death of independent media?

Would love to hear from others - do you also feel India’s debating spirit has faded over the years?"
"Why is it almost impossible for a foreigner to get a sim card in India? Just landed in Mumbai and spent 3 hours trying to sort out a SIM card situation. This has to be one of the most tourist-unfriendly things I've encountered.

First off, barely any SIM card kiosks at the airport. Like, seriously? This is a major international airport and there's maybe one tiny shop that's sometimes open. Most other countries have multiple carriers competing right when you land. Here? Good luck even finding where to buy one.

Then when you finally find a place, they hit you with the requirements. They need a LOCAL ADDRESS (why local, why not my own from my ID). I literally just got off the plane. I'm standing at the airport. Where am I supposed to get a local address from? And apparently some places want a LOCAL PHONE NUMBER as a contact. How does that even make sense? I need a phone number to get a phone number?

The whole process is insane tons of paperwork, documents, verification steps. And THEN they tell you ""oh yeah it'll activate in 24 to 48 hours, maybe 72."" I'm only here for a week! What am I supposed to do for the first few days, just wander around with no way to contact anyone or use maps?

I've been to like 15 countries and never had this problem. Thailand? 5 minutes at 7-Eleven. Japan? Vending machine at the airport. Singapore? Multiple booths competing for your business the second you clear customs. India? Nah, let's make it as complicated as possible.

The weirdest part is India has over a billion phone users but somehow makes it nearly impossible for visitors to actually get connected. It's 2025 and I can't get basic phone service without jumping through hoops like I'm applying for a visa.

Anyone else dealt with this nightmare? Please tell me there's some workaround I'm missing.

( I know about E sims and International Roaming, I Just want to know whether there is better way of getting an Indian sim and my situation is a rare case)"
"Government Earned Nearly Rs 4,100 Crore By Disposing Of Scrap From Offices In Five Years"
"‘Dead' woman in UP dowry case found alive in Gwalior, lived with lover"
"Now silent on Bihar, Election Commission had halted two welfare schemes in Tamil Nadu during polls"
Bombay High Court on Tuesday granted bail to Kafeel Ahmed Ayub in 2011 triple blast case after decade in jail
CBI’s SIT finds TTD received adulterated ghee for over five years
Grandfather arrested in sexual assault case of 4-year-old girl in Hooghly
"Beware of OLX SCAMMERS If u are a olx user so beware of the things that are happening to get your money 
So recently I want to sell my ukele basically a guitar and it was only 5 mins I got a customer and he told me that send me your number and I sended him one then he told me that send me your scanner but the scanner should be of phone pay cause I use phone pay but I told him that I don't have phone pay if u want u can pay it through the gpay so he said no problem send me the scanner I will pay u the money without any negotiation then he was like I m unable to do payment so do one thing i will send you a qr code and you just have to scan it by going on your Google pay and you will get your amount and  will send my worker to you he will take that thing i was shocked that how is it possible that he is trusting a unknown person this much 
But I m a cybersecurity student so u know how our mind works how we easily catch the scameers 
When i saw the qr code it was like a request qr code like if u scan it the all the money from ur bank account we get debited then I told him bhaiya kisko pagal bana rhe ho then he said something and and rejected the call 
So I just want you guys to know that beware of these things a normal person can easily fall to these types of things."
Drunk Father Rapes 6-Year-Old Daughter In Uttar Pradesh
"You can build your own air purifier for 2k TL;DR – Buy filters from IKEA, buy cabinet exhaust fans or use PC fans, make an enclosure from sunboard or cardboard. Caveats and test details below build.

  
[https://postimg.cc/gallery/5jMZjHQ](https://postimg.cc/gallery/5jMZjHQ)

  
Commercial air purifiers are expensive & bulky, with unnecessary features and costly/unreliable spares. Its quite easy to DIY one for much cheaper.

You will need - 

* Filters - I recommend 2x IKEA FÖRNUFTIG or UPPÅTVIND air filters, as they are incredibly cost effective and you can get replacements easily. These are EPA-12 filters, not H13 – but are perfectly adequate. They will take slightly longer to clean the room, but won’t stress the fans as much, and will live longer. For reference, H13 filters remove 99.95% of particles as small as 0.3 microns. EPA 12 filters remove 99.5%.
* Fans - I got a ""cabinet cooling fan system"" from amazon, since it comes with a power supply and a metal frontplate. But you can also use PC case fans.
* The structure - Cardboard or sunboard is easiest. I used some spare wood for the edges, but its not really necessary. Decent cardboard is sturdy enough.

  
Try to seal the sides and the bottom as best as possible. Use hot glue or tape.

You can also make a single filter or quad filter version, but IMO 2 filters are good enough and also don't take up as much space.

This idea isn’t new. Similar purifiers called CR boxes were popular during COVID. This design builds upon those. However, box fans are not as easily available in India, and neither are furnace filters. This is a cheap and space saving build with components easy to source in India (at home).

  
I also made an AQI monitor using a laser particulate matter sensor and an ESP32.   
I placed the sensor on the opposite side of the room and let it run for a bit, then closed my windows and turned the filter on. The sensor reads PM 1.0, PM 2.5 and PM 10. Readings before the filter was turned on were (35/50/62), and after 20 minutes fell to (17/24/27).

Some screenshots of the monitor log - [https://postimg.cc/gallery/jsjfTdk](https://postimg.cc/gallery/jsjfTdk)  
I would test with a commercial monitor but buying something 3x the cost of the purifier to check if it works doesn't sit right with me.

  
These filters have been running for about 2 months, if I give them a clean or get new ones the results would be better. Also, your results would depend on filter size, fan speed and room size (I ran mine in a room of \~120 sqft).



  
  
FAQs : In anticipation of r/India’s illustrious critics, I have taken the liberty of preparing answers to certain questions I expect.

a. Does it perform as well as a commercial purifier?   
I don't know, but it works and is cheap. If you are allergic to dust or have breathing problems, you would be better off buying a commercial one - knocking the box will make it shed some dust.

  
b. Does it reduce smells?  
No. You will still need to bathe.

  
c. How can you be certain your testing methodology is not flawed?  
I can't. I am a dummy. But I do see dust on the filter so I am pretty sure it works.

  
d. Why wouldn't you just buy one instead of putting in so much effort?  
Because I like to make complicated ramshackle solutions to simple problems.  


e. Why the IKEA filter?  Its not even HEPA-13??? Are you an IKEA shill? >:(  
Yes, yes I am. I love IKEA. They're not even paying me. I do it for free.

  
f. Can you recommend an easier and cheaper air purifier?  
Yes. Wear a mask. Or grow a bushy moustache and allow evolutionary design's own air purifier capture particulate matter before it can make it to your nose."
"Amid curbs, TV journalists say unable to record P2Cs or track who’s meeting officials at EC office"
Anti-pollution protests: Congress criticises government over detention of protesters demanding clean air
"After visit to Vantara, global wildlife committee recommends India pause animal import"
"Delhi Police bust cyber fraud syndicates across India, find ₹5-crore crypto trail linked to Dubai"
Delhi NCR Air Pollution | Supreme Court Turns Down Request For Urgent Hearing On Monday
"Online medicine ordering in India: How do you ensure you're getting genuine products? Hey Reddit,



I've been a long-time user of MediBuddy and, for the most part, I've found it to be a reliable service. However, with the increasing number of online pharmacy apps like 1mg, PharmEasy, and Netmeds flooding the market, a few critical concerns have been weighing on my mind: specifically, the authenticity of medicines and the privacy of my personal health data.



The convenience of ordering prescription drugs online is undeniable, but it also opens up a Pandora's box of potential risks. How do you, as experienced users, navigate this landscape to ensure you're receiving genuine medications and that your sensitive information isn't compromised?



Here are some specific questions I have:

* **Verifying Authenticity:** What are your go-to methods for verifying the authenticity of medicines purchased through these apps? Do you scrutinize the packaging upon arrival, check for specific manufacturing details, or look for batch numbers that can be cross-referenced? Are there any online resources or databases you use to confirm a drug's legitimacy?
* **Licensing and Accreditation:** Do you actively look for licensing information or accreditations displayed by these online pharmacies? Are there any specific regulatory bodies or certifications (e.g., PCI DSS for data security) that give you more confidence in a platform?
* **Reviews and Reputation:** How much weight do you give to user reviews and the overall reputation of an online pharmacy? Are there particular platforms or forums where you trust reviews more than others?
* **Sticking to Brands/Pharmacies:** Do you tend to stick to certain well-known brands or established online pharmacies that you've had positive experiences with? Is brand loyalty a significant factor in your decision-making process?
* **Red Flags to Watch For:** What are the absolute ""red flags"" that would make you immediately cancel an order or avoid an online pharmacy altogether when purchasing prescription drugs? This could include unusually low prices, lack of clear contact information, requests for unusual payment methods, or suspicious-looking packaging.
* **Data Privacy Concerns:** Beyond medicine authenticity, how do you assess the data privacy practices of these apps? Do you read their privacy policies thoroughly, or are there specific indicators that tell you they prioritize user data security? Have any of you had negative experiences with data breaches or misuse of personal information from online pharmacies?

I'm genuinely looking for practical advice and insights from the community. Sharing your experiences and strategies would be incredibly helpful for me and, I'm sure, for many others who share these concerns.



Thanks in advance for your help!"
India's Exit from Tajikistan's Ayni Shows Multipolarity Also Has Its Limits
"Prohibition casts a shadow on Nitish campaign, sharpens divides – families to castes to parties"
"A Simple, Localized Solution to India’s Street Dog Conflict"
"Freedom of Expression is a Myth in this Country Is this where our democracy is heading? A place where even the act of breathing feels like a privilege granted, not a right you were born with. Where the moment you speak, you are told to hush. Where raising your voice for something as basic as dignity is treated like an offense. A democracy isn't supposed to be a silent room filled with nodding heads. It is supposed to be loud, restless, questioning, chaotic, alive. Freedom of expression and the right to assemble peacefully are not luxuries. They are fundamental rights. Yet today in Delhi, people who were protesting peacefully were detained. Is this how we respect our Constitution? If people can't protest for something as fundamental as the right to breathe, then what are we left with? A flag without meaning. A constitution without pulse. A nation that looks free, but asks its people to stay quiet.

And we must not forget: the public has always been greater than any government. Nepal reminded us of that. When people stand together, power listens. This post isn't about a specific political party, but just how the demography of politics has always been in our country."
"What's the best way to find genuine deals during Flipkart and Amazon sales? As a meticulous consumer who constantly monitors price fluctuations, I've become increasingly aware that many ""discounts"" touted during major sales events can often be misleading. It's a common tactic for retailers to artificially inflate prices in the weeks or even days leading up to a sale, only to then present the original price as a ""discounted"" offer. This practice, often referred to as ""fake sales"" or ""phantom discounts,"" can make it incredibly difficult for consumers to discern genuine savings from deceptive marketing ploys.



To combat this, I've developed a robust strategy that primarily involves leveraging various browser extensions and dedicated price tracking websites. Tools like Keepa for Amazon, Honey, or similar historical price trackers, are invaluable in providing insights into an item's price history. These tools allow me to see how a product's price has changed over time, revealing any pre-sale price hikes and helping me identify whether a current ""deal"" is truly a good one or simply a return to the item's regular price.



However, despite these resources, I'm always eager to learn from the collective wisdom of fellow shoppers. I'm genuinely curious to understand what strategies and tactics have proven most effective for you. Do you have any favorite browser extensions, apps, or websites that you swear by for uncovering legitimate deals? Are there specific timing tricks you've learned, such as certain days of the week or times of the year, when genuine discounts are more prevalent? Furthermore, have you noticed particular product categories where deals tend to be more authentic and less prone to price manipulation? For instance, are electronics more susceptible to fake discounts than, say, apparel or home goods?



Let's pool our knowledge and share our most effective shopping hacks and insights. By collaborating, we can empower ourselves to navigate the often-tricky landscape of retail sales and ensure that we're truly getting the best value for our money. What are your go-to methods for identifying real deals and avoiding the pitfalls of deceptive pricing strategies? Your experiences and recommendations would be incredibly valuable!"
"Parents kill teenage girl in Prayagraj, arrested"
"[VIDEO] Panjab University Protest Turns Violent as Police, Students Clash Over Senate Elections"
"15-Year-Old Dragged Inside School Compound, Gang-Raped In Madhya Pradesh"
Himachal Pradesh BJP MLA Hans Raj Faces Child Sexual Abuse Case
"Registration not mandatory, we are recognised as a body of individuals: RSS chief"
"India Isn't NYC, but Mamdani's Campaign Has Strategic Lessons For India's Progressive Forces"
"So fed up of this country 

India is such a bad country to live in, there is no value for human life cause population hi itni zyada hai and politicians itne corrupt. Road pe jao toh accident hojaye hai cause civics sense ke naam pe sabko sirf ma chud*ana aata hai and road is full of pot holes. Hospitals sirf politicians and bade businessmen own karte hai who don't give a fuck about the people. Air quality har metro city mein itni gandi hai ki you can't actually live there, uska protest karo india gate pe then no mainstream media will give it enough coverage cause you are criticising the government(godi media ki mkb) and when you do protest(peacefully by the way) the government will deploy police to harass you and assault you, to break the protest. Supreme court won't do shit against this violation of human rights. Unemployment intni zyada hai and even if you do get jobs they are so below par to what you should actually get and deserve because job creation toh hai hi nai, unemployment pe question kardo toh ulta they will fucking tell you to create the jobs(ease of doing business in india is so fucking bad, you can see in global rankings). Corruption is everywhere and no place outside your home is safe. I'm a nationalist and don't wanna give up hope but even if I do wanna join politics to bring change, i can't because elections are so expensive that a normal person can't even think of contesting( koi madarc**d follow nai karta election commission ke rules about amount of money to be spent on election and sab limit ke bahar paise spend karte hai and then when they get elected their main concern is to earn back the money they spent by doing more corruption). I think of Bhagat Singh, Gandhi, Bose and countless others and feel if even I should not care about myself and devote my entire life to get this country on the right path, but even if I try all these corrupt mother fuc**s will try to stop me. So fed up"
"Best Places to Celebrate New Year 2026 in Udaipur (Local Recommendations) If you’re planning to celebrate New Year 2026 in Udaipur, here’s a helpful guide based on places that are genuinely popular among locals, tourists, and party lovers. Udaipur becomes incredibly lively during New Year’s Eve — rooftop cafés, clubs, lakeside venues, hilltop viewpoints, and luxury resorts all host amazing celebrations.

Here are some of the **best and most happening places** you can check out this year:

# Top Clubs & Party Venues in Udaipur

# 1. The Foresta, Udaipur

One of the most happening clubbing spots in the city known for DJ nights, high-energy vibes, and huge crowds on New Year’s Eve. Perfect if you love EDM, Bollywood mixes, and a packed dancefloor.

# 2. Elrow Udaipur

A premium party venue gaining massive popularity for themed night events, top DJs, and a luxurious party environment.

# 3. Drinks Exchange, Udaipur

A unique bar concept where drink prices fluctuate like the stock market. New Year nights here are full of excitement, lights, and powerful DJ music.

# 4. Twist Club, Udaipur

Another crowd favourite offering energetic party vibes, good cocktails, and a young crowd. A solid choice for party lovers.

# ⭐ Old City Rooftop Restaurants & Lakeside Cafés

If you prefer a more scenic, relaxing, or romantic New Year celebration, Old City Udaipur is perfect.

# 5. Jungle Treat Café

A trendy spot for lake-view celebrations with live music, great ambience, and a cozy rooftop atmosphere.

# 6. Blue Heaven Rooftop Café

Famous for panoramic views of the city and Lake Pichola. Ideal for couples or those who want a calm, beautiful night under the stars.

# 7. Sahibagh Hilltop Viewpoint

A peaceful hilltop spot that offers a stunning view of the city lights. Many locals gather here to enjoy fireworks.

# ⭐ Hill View & Open-Air Spots

# 8. Kurabad Hills

A popular viewpoint for those who love wide-open landscapes, sunset views, and natural surroundings. Many youngsters choose Kurabad Hills for a chill New Year hangout.

# ⭐ Luxury Resorts & Hotels

If you want a **grand celebration**, many resorts host premium New Year events with unlimited food, live band performances, and fireworks:

* 5-star hotels near Lake Pichola
* Resorts around Kodiyat Road
* Boutique properties around Fateh Sagar Lake

Perfect for families, couples, and corporate groups.

# ✅ Local Tips for New Year 2026 in Udaipur

* **Book early** — resorts and clubs get full by mid-December.
* Old City becomes crowded; reach early if you want a rooftop table.
* **Carry a jacket** — nights get chilly in late December.
* Plan your transport in advance; finding cabs after 12 AM can be difficult."
"Bihar Assembly elections: Election official suspended, FIR registered after VVPAT slips found on roadside in Samastipur"
"The Air We Breathe: Decoding the India Air Purifier Market Hey r/India,

​With the AQI hitting headline-grabbing (and lung-choking) numbers every year, the Air Purifier market in India is a topic that's no longer a niche luxury—it's fast becoming a necessity. But for first-time buyers and those looking to upgrade, it's a confusing space.

​Let's dive into the state of the market, the real drivers, and what Redditors are actually buying.

​📈 Market Pulse: Small but Fast-Growing

​The Indian air purifier market is currently small, mostly concentrated in the metros like Delhi-NCR and Mumbai. However, it's growing at an explosive pace, projected to expand at a CAGR of over 7% to 12% in the coming years.

​Current Reality: The market is still very under-penetrated (some estimates suggest less than 1% of Delhi homes own one).
​
The Spike: Sales surge drastically, sometimes seeing a 5X to 20X jump in polluted cities like Delhi-NCR during peak winter/smog months (October-November).
​
The Drivers:
​Worsening Air Quality: This is the single biggest factor. Toxic outdoor air forces people indoors, only to realize indoor air quality can be just as bad or worse.
​
Rising Health Awareness: Increased knowledge about the link between pollution and respiratory/cardiovascular issues is fueling demand.

​Smart Tech: Introduction of smart purifiers with real-time PM2.5 display, app control, and IoT integration is appealing to urban consumers."
"Delhi man’s Rs 2,000 DIY air purifier brings AQI down from 400 to 50 in minutes"
"Ola Electric says the LG tech leak story is total bakwaas — here’s my take So apparently, Ola Electric’s in the news again — this time for all the wrong reasons (or maybe not).

  
Some Korean outlet claimed they got their 4680 Bharat Cell tech by leaking pouch-cell secrets from LG Energy. Big accusation.

Now, Ola has called it “completely baseless” — basically saying: *bhai, that tech you’re talking about, we don’t even use it.*

  
Their cell’s a dry-electrode cylindrical one, not the pouch kind. And they also pointed out how “interesting” the timing is — just when they’re about to scale production, suddenly there’s a leak story floating around.

**Classic.**

# Here’s what I find interesting:

1. **IP drama always sells.** Whether it’s batteries or herbs, the moment you start doing something original, someone will either copy it or accuse you of copying.
2. **For India, this is bigger than Ola.** If their Bharat Cell is genuinely indigenous — that’s huge. But with big claims comes big scrutiny. “Make in India” sounds cool until global players feel the heat.
3. **The real fight isn’t tech — it’s credibility.** You can have all the patents in the world, but if people don’t trust *you*, those patents are just paperwork.

# My 2 paise as a founder:

I’m in a completely different industry (wellness, nutraceuticals), but I get the same heat sometimes.  
You say “evidence-based herbal formula” and suddenly half the world thinks you’re repackaging Ayurveda, the other half thinks you’re pretending to be a pharma brand.

Truth is — people don’t just buy your product; they buy your process, your intent, and your consistency.

And if Ola’s really built that cell from scratch, they should keep showing the proof — loud and clear. No drama, just data.

# My open questions:

* Do you think Indian brands get judged harsher the moment they start competing globally?
* Or are we still in that stage where we love a success story until it gets “too successful”?
* And on a side note — do you think we’re moving toward a phase where “credibility” is the new marketing?

Anyway, let’s see how this unfolds.  
Whether it’s EVs or energy drinks, I guess the lesson’s the same — build clean, document everything, and don’t get distracted by noise.

**Peace.**"
Legal aid not merely act of charity but moral duty: CJI Gavai
Amar Chitra Katha: Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire
"'Even Hindu Dharma is not registered': Mohan Bhagwat says RSS 'recognised, tax exempted' body"
"Mysogynistic and casteist parents 17M here. I'd like to say something's about my fam so you get the context. I am from an upper middle class family, my parents are always sweet with me. My dad used to drive me and my friends 15km just to meet a few other friends of mine, they never pressured me about my marks, always sent me on school trips whenever I asked, gave good amount of money when I used to go out with friends. My dad runs a business and mom is well educated but a house wife now.

Bow the real thing is my parents are INCREDIBLY casteist like full on casteist, we are shudras. My mom is always like you gotta make more friends in the ""community"". Dads makes generalized casteist comments, like those ""x community"" people are misers etc. It really icks me but idk what to say to them.

Also dad is highly mysogynistic and causally says stuff like society got doomed the day women stepped out. Women have to handle household issues so that men can earn properly.

So now the problem I want to say something about this hut dont want to hurt them because they are always sweet with me. But hearing these is making me feel anxious about what they'd do if I were decide to ICM or things which are generally opposed to their beliefs.

EDIT: For people asking I am a general (forward caste), check castes in andhrapradesh if you want more info"
HC puts to rest question over attendance criteria in colleges stemming from Sushant Rohilla case
"Struggling to Earn as a Student in India Hey everyone, I’m a first-year physiotherapy student living in Kerala, India, currently studying in Bangalore. I just wanted to share something that’s been really heavy on my mind lately. It’s so damn hard to earn money as a student here. Not just because I’m studying a tough course like physiotherapy, but because in India, there just aren’t enough opportunities for students to make a decent income.

Like, I see students in other countries  even school kids earning 20 dollars just by cleaning a garden or watering some plants. That’s like 1,600 rupees here. With that money, I could literally buy clothes, eat out, or save a bit. But here, if you want to earn, you’ve got to work 8 to 12 hours a day just to get 400 or 500 rupees. It’s honestly depressing.

I come from a middle class family, and I really don’t want to keep asking my parents for money every time I need something. I’m almost 19 now, and I want to take care of my own expenses, buy things I like, eat what I want, and just live freely without feeling guilty. But balancing college and work in India feels impossible. I’ve thought about learning video editing, coding, or other skills, but those take months to learn  and with my medical schedule, it’s just not realistic right now.

I’m just hoping someone out there can share some underrated, realistic ways to earn a bit something that doesn’t need years of learning. Maybe online or offline, just anything that can help a student like me survive without burning out. Any advice or even small ideas would mean a lot. 🙏"
How YouTubers and media outlets drive Rajasthan’s anti-conversion hysteria
India mega-zoo in spotlight again over animal acquisitions
"India Can Be Fixed I believe that India can only be improved through strict law and strong governance. There must be one rule for everyone, without any VIP culture, privilege, or exceptions. Politicians should not receive any special treatment. Every individual in this country should be equal before the law.

There must be a young, disciplined, and well-trained police force. Even they should face punishment if they make mistakes, behave badly, or take bribes. Police officers must remain calm and respectful. People must follow the rules, and every citizen should have the same and equal rights.

I am sorry, but there must be a strict law to punish serious criminals, even with death if necessary. Someone has to fix India once and for all. There should be no mob lynching, no road rage deaths, no killings in arguments. People must learn to respect one another and care for each other’s safety.

Government paperwork must be simplified. Ease of doing business must be improved. Children should be taught how to respect others, sex education, and how to behave properly with the opposite gender. It is our responsibility to create a calm and safe society for our families and loved ones.

Every sister, every mother should feel safe while going outside, without being judged or stared at. There should be a law where, if even one person notices someone behaving inappropriately with a woman or seeking the opportunity to do so, that man should be detained and taught a strict lesson. Everyone must have the right to complain anonymously without fear of consequences.

If I ever get the power, I will not let anyone take advantage of another person’s weakness. Everybody will have the same rights. I would be a strict leader who takes serious steps to clean India. I will employ honest, strong, and kind-hearted police officers. These men and women must protect civilians at any cost, and if they break the rules, the people can complain anonymously. If any officer tries to retaliate or take revenge, they must be punished until they learn their lesson.

There should be no VIP politicians; only normal people serving society. Government officials must have the same rights and treatment as everyone else. Either they work for the public properly, or they resign. Tax funds must be used efficiently for local people’s benefit.

Education must be free and equal for everyone. Rich and poor should study in the same schools and colleges. Education, healthcare, and law must be standard and uniform for all. Corrupt individuals should be strictly punished. Streets must be safe, with surveillance cameras everywhere.

If I have the power, I will take power away from corrupt politicians and give it back to normal citizens. Children from Class 5 onwards should be taught real-life skills, how to work, and how to earn money. By the age of 15, they should be capable of supporting themselves. Education must focus on science and technology.

I want to build a society where people can express themselves freely. People must be calm, responsible, and respectful. To change a generation, we need just 20 years of consistent discipline and teaching. There should be no encouragement of unnecessary freebies. Instead, people will be supported until they learn skills and become financially independent.

Population should be controlled. There should be a compulsory two-child policy. After the second child, birth control procedures should be mandatory in hospitals to prevent overpopulation. With a moderate population, there will be no shortage of resources.

I want to create a wonderful India. There should be volunteers for public safety in every street, available whenever needed. I will protect people and ensure equality with better civic sense.

Every profession should be respected equally — whether someone is a cleaner, a plumber, an electrician, or an engineer — all deserve the same respect. This cannot be achieved in a single day, but with efficient tax management, strong law enforcement, and education, we can create a generation that understands discipline, respect, and responsibility."
"In maiden rally as LoP, Naveen Patnaik makes ‘vote chori’ charge against BJP"
"Forget police security, they didn’t even file an FIR despite threats to my life: Rana Ayyub"
"Over 70% of India’s prisoners have not yet been found guilty: SC judge | Of the 74% undertrials, only 7.91% utilised legal aid available to them, as most of the accused don’t even know that they have a right to free legal aid, says Justice Vikram Nath during release of NALSAR report"
"Unlimited possibilities to strengthen India, Angola ties in various sectors: Murmu"
Indians on FIRE | When aspirations to retire early meet reality
"Physically felt pollution when entering Delhi  (Nov 09, 2025) Monday early morning I was coming from Ambala where I had gone for a couple of days. 

I can say that I have literally physically felt the effect of pollution while entering Delhi (entered from Singhu Border Side). Most people living in Delhi don't feel ""The Punch"" as they are accustomed to it.

On nearing the Bhalswa Garbage Mountain - yes it's very much there and has grown huge - I suddenly felt the strong unmistakable smell of burning (garbage/pollution?) - yes the massive garbage dump keeps on burning at many places!

After that all the real effects on the body started; 

1. Burning sensation in the eyes to the point that water came out and I couldn't keep them open- obvious driving hazard. I had to use a wet handkerchief and wipe the eyes - to little effect

2. Burning sensation in the throat and tip of the tongue. The body created mucus to conteract the foreign particles entering inside. I immediately felt that I had a throat infection or sore throat .

3. Thoughts became cloudy and less clearer

Possible reasons: 

On the way along the road itself, I could see a number of places where stubble/ parali is being burnt openly and blatantly in the fields by the farmers. 

In addition, there were a number of places along the road with random fires that were spewing toxic black smoke in the air including in residential areas - there was a massive fire in Rohini yesterday. 

Many factories/brick kilns work unhindered during the night- emitting thick smoke into the air

Guys, pollution is  very real and serious here. It is really impacting the body physically in unknown ways. Nobody knows what impact the particulate matter particles PM10, 2.5 (and smaller) have on the body in long term or short term. 

You cannot ignore the pollution or wish it away. 

My advise is, if you can, ditch Delhi NCR altogether- there's nothing more important than your health. Even if you earn less, try to relocate to a healthier place. 

Try to be away from here as much as possible - even places like Ambala feel better in comparison. 

Use the best and biggest air purifiers that you can afford and use them day and night in home, in car in office- everywhere."
"My ""Honest"" review on Rss schools This is my honest experience of spending approx 10 yrs in RSS school .

I've studied in RSS school since my 1st class. Honestly I used to hate it in initial years but as i grew up i started to understand the things more neatly. 
So starting of the day we used to Sing National Anthem, Rss""Prarthna""(prayer) and pledge in my regional language, then students from alloted class for that day used to present thoughts/stories. 
If its someones birth/death aniversary , info about them etc . We used to celebrate even small Festivals together , like intrested girls/boys used to perform  various kind of activities like drawing rangoli , singing devotional songs etc . Teachers used to tell importance of that festival .
Apart from that we used to have project presentations/competitions on such days.
About Academics , i didn't realised then but when i look back I can say it was different 
e.g. History , the Teachers more focused on ""Hindus""/""Indians"" if we compare it to other boards. 
We also had Daily Yoga and exercise sessions after prayer. 
One thing is definitely true that Rss schools are next level Decipline oriented!! From waking up at 5 am, saying prayer before eating even at home , Keeping your place clean To sleeping on exact time daily ,I am still used to it all.
As a girl , monthly We used to get Free Sanitary napkins. 
Sometimes They also used to conduct special Sessions for girls by gynecologistsand Also to aware them about things like Love jihad, and How muslims are rapidly increasing , their motive etc 
We also learnt karate , other self-defense techniques, and Stick training.
About sports , we had numerous things even they used to encourage students to participate in district/state level competitions 

The only thing i think these schools or atleast my school lacked is adaption to Technology. 

This was my overall experience , it's not any propaganda post it's up to you to decide whether it's Good or bad . 
If you ask mine , Now I feel it was Really good ! The Kind of decipline, Mindset I have now compared to my peers is something discernable .
Thanks for reading 
Jai hind 🇮🇳"
AI-Trained Grads Edge Out Costly Advisers at Indian Wealth Firm
"Supreme Court orders removal of stray dogs from schools, hospitals, other public institutions"
"We need to talk about Indian men to whom ""liberal"" just means alcohol, non veg, and sex India is a conservative society, and I'm a man myself who has also felt repressed by it, though my own parents are somewhat liberal. And I meet many fellow Indians, both in major cities and abroad, who complain how backward our society is.

And I feel them. But to many of the men I meet who have these complaints, shedding the conservative mindset is largely about shedding the taboos around premarital sex, drinking alcohol, eating meat, and partying. When it comes to misogyny, you'll see little difference between them and a village patriarch. You can expect the same gross sexist comments and outlooks on women. They'll be grossed out by gay people and are still overly concerned about displaying their masculinity. Many haven't let go of casteist attitudes and slurs, and will readily say racist things about Africans and east Asians. 

Basically, when they complain about their family being conservative/traditional, it's entirely about how indulging in pleasures is frowned upon – about how things that you can enjoy are restricted, not about how they view women and people different from them. 

Now I personally drink alcohol occasionally (not a big fan usually) and have lived with a partner without marrying her. I don't eat meat for ethical reasons but don't hold any religious prejudice against it (I'm not religious). But these are not the hallmarks of my progressivism. That to me is about how I treat and see women, people of other races/ethnicities, the LGBTQ community, oppressed castes, etc. People need to understand that indulging in pleasures does not mean they're not traditional or conservative."
"Dutch embassy, postal service deny issuing stamp marking 100 years of RSS: ‘Won’t pass our checks’"
"Winter session from Dec 1 to 1 9; unusually truncated, says opposition | India News"
"National Consumer Helpline works! and Swiggy sucks. Bye. Ordered something from Instamart last month, but it never got delivered - nothing unusual there. I complained to Swiggy, and they asked for ""pictures of undelivered item"" - again, totally normal. I reached out to them through call and email - this is where it got unusual - ""Couldn't validate your claim. Can't refund."" Huh?! Can't refund 1600rs? Can't deliver the item also? This feels like stealing in broad daylight!

Since 1600rs is not a very small amount for me, I went full crazy with calls and emails only to get the same robotic reply each time. In a fit of rage, I filed a complaint on the National Consumer Helpline (honestly, didn't think it would help) and parallely kept spamming swiggy's inbox purely for emotional satisfaction. Obviously, I received the same scripted responses until they finally ghosted me. My plan was to keep spamming them just for fun, but I eventually gave up and moved on with my life.

Then today - boom! I got a message saying my refund was processed! Even got an email that said, ""We're looking into your consumer complaint, but first, here's your money."" Excuse me, WHAT?

While I'm relieved to have my money back, it's also infuriating. What if I hadn't filed the complaint? How much money do these people make on a daily basis just by scamming people?


So long story short,  National Consumer Helpline works! File away all your grievances. And Swiggy sucks.

Bye."
"Jana Gana Mana was composed to welcome British, says BJP MP; Congress calls it 'utter nonsense'"
"I’ve been fighting for 16+ months to reclaim my own ancestral land that was illegally encroached by 15–20 people at 3 AM. I’m exhausted and i don’t know how to cope I never imagined I’d be in this situation.
My family has owned our land for over 50 years it’s ancestral, worth multiple mils 

But on 3 June 2024, around 3 AM, a group of 15–20 people, broke into my property.
They tore down the boundary wall, threw out my watchman, looted cash, and took full control of my land.

Over the next few months, they built 20+ illegal shops inside my boundary and started dividing the land into plots as if it was theirs.
I’ve been watching my own property being stolen in slow motion, while the system just looks away.

The emotional and financial toll is exhausting.

I’m sharing this because I genuinely feel unheard.
Every system that’s supposed to protect us has failed.
If anyone reading this has gone through something similar or knows how to make authorities act please tell me.

I’m not giving up this land is my family’s legacy.
But it’s heartbreaking how blatant injustice can continue in broad daylight, while someone like me has to fight endlessly just to be heard.

A few days ago, I even shared everything on X (Twitter) documents, photos, maps, and case details hoping that public attention might finally make authorities act.

https://x.com/sanjeevc2407/status/1985570395702116777?s=46"
AK-47 rifle recovered from ex-doctor's locker at Anantnag medial college
All Eyes on India's Booming IPO Market as Investors Focus on Lenskart Listing
Woman dies after rape attempt by 14-year-old boy in Himachal Pradesh
Kerala CM condemns students being made to sing RSS song onboard Vande Bharat Express
Indian Gaur chews on grass
Earthquake of magnitude 5.4 strikes Andaman and Nicobar Islands
"“You can’t study Sanskrit like a Brahmin”: PhD withheld by Hindutva-affiliated dean, says Dalit PhD scholar from Kerala University"
"Fucking terrible year to be Indian Terrible civic sense, corrupt politicians, idiots abroad ruining shit, racists attacking people online and offline calling us smelly and gross, India and Pakistan fights as if other ppl wouldn’t think they’re the same, the government, the lack of safety for women, casteism, religious conflicts and the way there seems to be nothing we can do.

I swear 2 normal reels later and I’m getting accounts hating on different minorities especially towards Indians from other minorities smh. Honestly even going online and seeing hate is just upsetting af. Doesn’t matter how less I use social media, somehow or the other it’ll show.

Do I understand some of it? Yeah absolutely, a lot of us really have zero civic sense. But damn we’re all splitting due to language and religion and caste, I swear shit seemed better years ago.

There’s way more issues, idk what to do, I’d probably stay in India in the future but most jobs pay shit and people abroad hate us even as tourists due to some people ruining everything. This level of hate won’t last forever but still.

Seriously what do we even have to do to change? I love a lot about our country like our festivals, cultures, food and all, but the annoyance and disappointment is more. I just want us to develop man.

Edit: Im very much and was aware that this is gonna be one hell of a controversial post but I said what I had to say. If someone calls me anti national after reading all this, you've gotta consider a career in comedy."
"ANI: ""In view of the increasing air pollution in Delhi, CM Rekha Gupta has decided to change the working hours of the offices from 9.30AM to 10AM.."""
"Gandhi’s Vision of the Song Vande Mataram is Inclusive, Not Divisive Like Now"
"Paid ₹349 for Jio Porting, But Had to Pay Again After UPC Code Delay — Is This Fair? Hey everyone,
I recently faced a really frustrating issue while trying to port my BSNL number to Jio, and I want to know if anyone else has gone through the same thing.

On 20 October 2025, I started the MNP process on Jio’s official website. The site asked me to enter my mobile number and PIN code, verified my OTP, and then asked for a ₹349 recharge before entering the UPC code (which is normal on Jio’s portal).

So I recharged ₹349 (Transaction ID: 551020072050334) at 7:11 AM, but that day BSNL’s UPC code couldn’t be generated — their system wasn’t responding.
Because of that, I had to stop the process there.

Now, a few days later, when the UPC code finally got generated, I went back to the Jio website to complete the port. But the system again asked for another ₹349 recharge — as if my earlier payment never existed! 😤

I contacted Jio Customer Care, but they simply said, “You’ll have to recharge again.”
That means paying twice for the same MNP request — one failed due to no fault of mine, and another for the new UPC.

Is this even legal or fair?
TRAI’s rules clearly say that if porting fails due to a system issue, the customer’s prepaid amount should be refunded or adjusted — not wasted.

I’ve already mailed Jio and plan to file a complaint on pgportal.gov.in, but I wanted to hear your thoughts too.
Has anyone else faced this problem? Did you get your refund or any response from @JioCare?




TL;DR

Recharged ₹349 for Jio MNP before UPC code generation (20 Oct 2025).

BSNL UPC didn’t generate that day → port process incomplete.

Now Jio asking again for ₹349.

First payment unlinked and no refund so far.

Planning to escalate to TRAI.




What do you guys think — should customers be made to pay again in such cases?
Or should Jio fix their system to link previous recharges with new UPC codes?

#Jio #MNP #ConsumerRights #India #Telecom"
"horrors that happen to people in mumbai local and people move on easy few days ago as i was waiting for my ac train at dadar, i witnessed 100s of people risking everything just to catch that 1 train they catch everyday, to avoid reaching home late so that they can finally be at peace after the misery of a long working day, which also begins with a game of thrones(same spot), people trying to catch their thrones in the same train everyday.

coming to what i saw, today, within a span of 30 seconds i saw 2 lives completely disoriented and disturbed in an attempt to catch a train.

i had been standing for over 10 mins at the same spot, first in the queue of ac train, right before my train arrived, was 1 virar train, same story, 100s of people approximately calculating the speed of the arriving train and their plan of action to carry out a perfectly calculated move to catch the train in hopes having the chance to get inside without being thrown, dragged, and pushed across once the train stops.

right as i started to think that the chaos is gonna settle, i saw a man apprach towards me from the left, confused, overstimulated, and stressed, mind you i was listening to music (Adrenaline - hardboneboy, kick ass dhh), the man looked at me pointing towards my right, i thought he was asking if ac's door is gonna be right where i am standing so i said yes (without pausing my music) and pointed in front of me showing that yes doors gonna be here, 2 seconds later he suddenly comes in front of me, bends over and picks up a pair of prescribed glasses, which was very close to a persons feet who was frantically trying to push his way through the crowd into the virar train that was haulted.

right as he picked up, his glasses, i realised that he was in an attempt to catch the train, but one miscalculated move, either from him or someone around him might have knocked off his specs off his face and thats what he was confused and stressed about in the moment, just as I realised what just unfolded in front of me, i paused my music to get a grasp of the situation. btw his glassed got heavily scratched, unusable.

regardless, he looked at it for a second, put it back on and continued his struggle to catch the damn train, which he successfully got on finally, all that struggle earned him like 15 mins of reaching home early, costing him no less than a 2000rs of damage repair for his specs, if he were to try catching the next train after, that too assuming he pulls off getting on the next train, it means nothing but restarting the same level right again.

the train finally moves, carrying 100s of lives that just got risked trying to get on it. right as i thought the chaos of this one virar is settled, i look to my right and saw a girl, not older than 13 years of age, again, confused, visibly stressed, and disoriented, frantically screaming for his mom, ""mummy, mummy"" that got lost in the wave of crowd and chaos.

turns out her mom got dragged away into the train with the crowd, and who got lost was the little girl, separated from the very human she trusts the most, on the verge of crying she immediately goes to an onlooking uncle and grabs the phone from his hand (rightfully so), the uncle with no objections whatsoever to help the little girl out told the girl to call her mom immediately, while getting surrounded with a bunch of people who withnessed her, all ready to help her out.

i observed the crowd helping that kid for another 2 mins after which my train arrived, where i got ready to fight for a safe spot for my ownself so as to reach home timely and safe, which i lowkey insured by just overspending 46% of 1 months stipend for a 3 month pass just so i could make sure i reach home safe with my belongings everyday.

all this was witnessed by me in a span of 3 mins... the horrors that aren't questioned, and if questioned, go unanswered, people move on, not even slightly concerned with things that directly afftect their quality of life, thinking what even can i do questioning legitimacy of the accountable dignitaries, further feuling their nonchalance towards actual welfare, while actively reacting to things that are not even remotely concerned with improving their quality of life. this is the city of dreams for you."
"20F Need to earn ₹20,000 ASAP. Please i’m really struggling and could use some guidance. I’m a 20 year old college student living in a hostel. Life’s been really heavy lately. I was already going through a rough phase trying to hold things together and then something unexpected hit me again. It’s like just when you think you’re getting a little stronger life decides to test you even more.

Right now i urgently need to earn ₹20,000 as soon as possible. I don’t have any special skills yet but i’m genuinely willing to put in effort, learn, and work hard. My English is good and i’m open to anything online or part time that’s legitimate and safe.

If you’ve ever gone through something tough especially when it involves family or circumstances out of your control you’d probably understand how helpless it feels. I’m just trying to stay strong and figure things out one step at a time.

Please if anyone can guide me with real ways to earn or even share how you managed in a similar situation i’d be truly grateful.

(No NSFW or inappropriate messages please.)

Thank you to anyone who reads this or decides to help even your kind words mean a lot right now."
"[DELHI] This is a call for help. A friend's mother needs support. This post is on behalf of my friend's mother. She is in dire need of financial aid/support/resources to organizations/people that can provide genuine help. All context has been stated below, and my DMs are open for anything, everything. 

I believe this will be a long one, and I know I'll have to touch upon a bunch of sensitive topics, hence the NSFW tag. Using fake names for privacy reasons, but all information shared has been green flagged by the people I'm here on behalf of. 

**Some history**

My friend, we'll call Kim (21F) comes from a troubled family. Kim has a sister, Sam (28-30F). The mother is in her early 50s. The father is a terrible, horrible, vile person that I hope no one has to be subjected to, ever. He's physically, financially, sexually and emotionally abusive, has a vast history of substance abuse, gambling.

He'd refuse to get groceries for the family and starve them just to assert dominance, torture and abuse the mother, Sam and Kim immensely just for ""fun"", just because he could. They're originally from Lucknow, they moved to Delhi a couple years ago because Kim got into DU. The father never had a proper job, but he used to resort to illegal gambling and trading of illegal goods here and there to feed his vices, while neglecting the family.

Kim is in DU, pursuing her Bachelors. Sam, due to familial issues, grew into an inconsistent, unpredictable person that hops between jobs and struggles to provide any consistency to her family, or herself. 

To feed the family and try and make things better, the mother tried to, and ran multiple ventures like food stalls, beauty parlors. All of these ventures were shut down by the father because ""how dare someone feed my family other than me"". 

They also have an adopted indie, who's a GEM! 

**Current Situation**

All of Kim's mother's savings are depleted. Sam has started a new job, first month, but it's dicey if she'll contribute to the overall familial situation. She has consistent history of being a little absent, even when she's had the resources to provide. Kim is in college, no job/internship yet, but within 6 months, her Bachelors will end and she'll hopefully pick up any job. The father, responsible for paying the rent, apparently didn't pay the rent for 4 months. They need to evict. 

Financially, things are really, really tight. There's no solid source of income, unless you count in Sam. Things are very tense.

**What They Need**

The mother is actively looking for a new apartment to move to. Her budget is within 10k. She's also, actively looking for a job. She has a lot of cooking experience, especially with stalls. She's open to all options. Either: 

\- direct financial aid  
\- real estate suggestions  
\- job opportunities  
\- org/ngo recommendations  
\- anything else that can be helpful in any way shape or form.

Please reach out to me if anyone has anything. We're desperate."
Quad summit in India unlikely despite Trump’s claim of PM invite
Paradise lost: Is Goa dying as India’s favourite beach escape?
Bihar election 2025 result date: What 64.66% turnout means
TN government launches medical camp for journalists offering specialised services
Girl gangraped in Assam's Tinsukia while returning from school
Jharkhand Man Who Protested Illegal Sand Mining Run Over By Tractor
"US to deny visas to people with diabetes, heart disease and other chronic illnesses - The Times of India"
"Climate change, imbalance in fertiliser use kill soil’s organic carbon: ICAR study"
"Adani Power Wins Bihar's 2,400 MW Bhagalpur Project Tender"
Why We Need All Scholars – Foreign and Indian – to Study India
Classmate shoots at class 11 student using father's pistol in Gurugram: Police
Stop this pollution
Bachao bachao 😰
Manipulating 15yos hell naahhh
#PROUDCHUTIYA
#proudjohncena
Everybody is proud but no one says the rate 🥀💔
One shot game over 😭😭
#proud R word
Meto lesbian boy hu 🤟
Nikal bkl
ummmmm
Out of Context posting
The World is Your
Ee toh saala hona hi tha...😭
"Chehre pe Baal ayye nahi or kehte hai "" dear son """
☠️😶‍🌫️😶‍🌫️
Abhi toh sirf plain rice milega usko
Title Bihar vote dene jaa raha hai
Only OC
Bxdi mt kr lde
Kaho na kaho
Real Strategy 🗣️🗣️
'The eldest son'
Ifyk 🌚
bhikaristani active on indian subs defaming us on international subs.. just kanglu things.
Ronaldo is GOAT (oc)
Beginner hu toh excuse bad editing Pls leave some editing tips
प्रिय मित्र नीतीश
Normie Cricket fans मेमे
BMW is Indian company
Did title agree?
"Happy Diwali by Big B Can be played on windows, Android, linux and KBC computer mahashay"
Some famous forts of Rajasthan🐪
ti tle vote dalne gya hai
Is baar jeetne do yaal
Bhagi 69 paid promotion Sponsored by Hajmola™
Sai baba
Na ghar ke kaam
matha garam mat kar
Dark meme par hi hasna allowed hai normie
they still love goddi
Ye Hota Hai Focus
Evm mein ab vo baat nahi rahi
kasht
Riyal hai.
Creativity at top
Pitti hogi in dono ki
Started Investing on 15th October in MF SIP. Any Suggestions. I know Long term is the key.
Riyall
Women power ladle
Concept wahi par content nayi
Chat gpt free for 12 months.
Mera desh badal raha hai aage badh rha h
God !
Olelelelele
kamal admi ho yr
"Indian Gaming industry day by day 📈 Can be played on: windows, EVM(hacked version), Android (mod), IRCTC or ATM booth, Pregnancy test kit."
Story of every election
Title 🗣️
Tell me who is the real winner?
Jatt da muqabla
Current affairs hai
"BeeJayPee is a problem but Khangress and Toti chor is not the solution Sure, let’s vote for the party which couldn't do shit when one of the most horrific terror attacks in history of mankind happened and for a man who has deliberately avoided holding any public office (in Both Centre and State government) just to escape responsibility and accountability for his words and actions. Even he knows his ideas are hollow and driven by appeasement politics meant only to grab votes. Apparently, simply pointing out problems obvious even to the blind now qualifies someone to be CM or PM. At this rate, maybe I should run for PM myself"
Cozy Cozy Warmth
US Moment bhai Us..
Too hot 🔥 to approach !
"VPOTUS, ab tu dekh...ab tu gya...😡"
Bhai ko batana jaruri he
One man army
Har ghar baddie dilao yojna (demand)
It do be like that 💔
Is it dark or not
Uno...
"Modi, Rahul ki Mario simulator Can be played on Android, iOS, PC, EVM, Birth control device, ETC."
What are you doing step bro?
Humare Paigambar zi
Marne do
-एमिनेम
There - I said it
Sab elites ne control Kiya hua hai
Aaj ka gyan...
Halke mein lehri
Spectrum
Hme to ek hi swinging bta se chori
Agar kisiko samjh aye to....
Lol this Jajajajajjajajajajakk
100-200 ke chakkar me marega
SHIngham
"[OC] Indian reddit bros who think they are stoic, but they are just emotionally constipated, starter pack💨"
Mai hoon
The only gender that claims to be a god but whines like a bitch when things get rough
Maybe I am a monster
Congruent Triangle.s
I'm DARK humor now
Cooked..
Brahman flow
JD bro went on to became a strong man I have heard
Why alway women
Aap kitaab se zyaada jaante hain?
Diet cock dena plzz
"Happy Cakeday, r/Desihumor! Today you're 11 Let's look back at some memorable moments and interesting insights from last year.

**Your top 1 posts:**

* ""[Happy Cakeday, r/Desihumor! Today you're 10](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/r19fv2)"" by [u/AutoModerator](https://www.reddit.com/user/AutoModerator)"
"Happy Cakeday, r/Desihumor! Today you're 10 Let's look back at some memorable moments and interesting insights from last year.

**Your top 1 posts:**

* ""[Happy Cakeday, r/Desihumor! Today you're 9](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/k07nfg)"" by [u/AutoModerator](https://www.reddit.com/user/AutoModerator)"
"Happy Cakeday, r/Desihumor! Today you're 9 Let's look back at some memorable moments and interesting insights from last year.

**Your top 10 posts:**

* ""[PACHTAOGE 🤦🏻‍♀️👩‍❤️‍👨🤦🏻‍♂️ | Funny video](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/e4yi6j)"" by [u/frared358](https://www.reddit.com/user/frared358)
* ""[Boss|New Year|Funny Video](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/eius7l)"" by [u/frared358](https://www.reddit.com/user/frared358)
* ""[Salary Day | Wait for Ending 😂😂](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/fr8fwr)"" by [u/frared358](https://www.reddit.com/user/frared358)
* ""[Holi latest Funny video 😂😅](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/fgw7m8)"" by [u/frared358](https://www.reddit.com/user/frared358)
* ""[Trolling fraudulent caller | Conversation Language- Hindi](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/fgiqlk)"" by [u/karma127](https://www.reddit.com/user/karma127)
* ""[DAD vs SON | Funny Video](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/ex6l5u)"" by [u/frared358](https://www.reddit.com/user/frared358)
* ""[Tesla Cybertruck Design Process](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/e1ea71)"" by [u/paperlegend\_](https://www.reddit.com/user/paperlegend_)
* ""[Tony has a problem. His thing-thing is too big. Josh has a problem: he's too small. Manish has a problem: he's gotta deal with the both of them. Enjoy this moderately raunchy comedy web short that my friend and I created over a weekend in pre-apocalyptic times!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/g64xo7)"" by [u/El\_Philosophizer](https://www.reddit.com/user/El_Philosophizer)
* ""[Comedy Video about Diversity in Hollywood 😂](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/f114nr)"" by [u/funnyindiangirl](https://www.reddit.com/user/funnyindiangirl)
* ""[Rep your favorite dessert!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Desihumor/comments/emth2y)"" by [u/supercalimerch](https://www.reddit.com/user/supercalimerch)"
Tony has a problem. His thing-thing is too big. Josh has a problem: he's too small. Manish has a problem: he's gotta deal with the both of them. Enjoy this moderately raunchy comedy web short that my friend and I created over a weekend in pre-apocalyptic times!
Do you think the conspiracy theory discussed in this video is true?
Salary Day | Wait for Ending 😂😂
Holi latest Funny video 😂😅
"Trolling fraudulent caller | Conversation Language- Hindi Audio equivalent of meme

Received  a fraudulent call today. The guy was trying to get an OTP from my phone  that he had triggered. He wanted to login to my account. Enjoy :)

PS: First post. Please let me know if it doesn't belong here, I'll remove it.

[https://soundcloud.com/karma-1992/otpspamcall](https://soundcloud.com/karma-1992/otpspamcall)"
Comedy Video about Diversity in Hollywood 😂
DAD vs SON | Funny Video
"Rep your favorite dessert! &#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/jqz4s2tjaz941.png?width=707&format=png&auto=webp&s=eca6a1874110e522035ee967036b2292a5669b54"
Boss|New Year|Funny Video
PACHTAOGE 🤦🏻‍♀️👩‍❤️‍👨🤦🏻‍♂️ | Funny video
Tesla Cybertruck Design Process
No you don't. Not in India
*Lives abroad for 2 months*
Modi vs Mamata - Mortal Kombat edition
"करण जौहर ने राजकुमार राव से पूछा-'किसके 'Gay' पार्टनर बनना चाहोगे', ये था उनका जवाब"
MISS STREE || ULLU MINATI ft. Gagan Arora (BAGGA)
"Dhinchak Pooja | new song Roast | Swag mera Style Hai | Ft.Ompraksh Mishra | Theek hai | funny video This is a funny video about Dhinchak pooja's new song Swag Mera Style Hai, please watch the video till the end.

&#x200B;

[https://youtu.be/\_WV7fdmIKIA](https://youtu.be/_WV7fdmIKIA)

&#x200B;"
BHAIYA || Bhaiya ki maa ki ft. ULLU MINATI || ULLU MINATI NATION
Indian Dad vs Indian son | Explaining Cookies | Conversations in Hindi | Beta Son
Scottish Chaiwala!
Best Stand Up Comedy 2018 By Akash Gupta | Relationship Clubbing And Cocktails
Disappointment for fans as Altaf Raja replaces Metallica for Cuttack Open Air
Desi version of bros before hoes...
A Funny video which shows if Politicians were cab drivers. So Check It Out People and comment your views if you liked it.
When a Dad annoys his Son with dream occupations he sees
A Jealous BF confronts his Ex-GF's soon to be groom
Indian funny show baba bakheth
Worldwide Crush of India!
Why youtube india is crap?? ROAST
You are a Doktor I'm a Driver pt. 2 (OFFICIAL VIDEO) || FEMALE VERSION
When you get an urgent call from nature
News then vs now
Send Bob send Milk karke aese laundo ne puri indian men ki mar rakhi hai ab bari hai koi inki mare
This is How iPhone 8 should be launched in India ||Hindi Funny||
New Dhinchak Pooja Live reaction roast!
Try not to laugh challenge!! First ever live reaction video in HINDI!
SANT BABA DISCO SINGH JI INSAAN | ROAST|
Thanks maa funny scene
Its funny how they get so rich....
Chote dhakad funny dance
THE TERROR ENDS - DHINCHAK POOJA
Mumbai Police is unable to find girlfriend!!!
The cow that took matters in her own hand
Hoshiarpur Ke Launde
Ranbir Kapoor on Reliance Jio: Ranbir Mimicry
20 things you should do now if you don’t want to be broke!
When Flirting goes wrong
Antariksha Darshan | Space Tech Talk Parody
Shaadi se pehle ..Insaan hone wali wife se 60 minutes se zyada phone pe baat karta hai.. Shaadi ke baad……. 60 seconds.
AIB : Honest Indian Weddings
"My friends and I made something absolutely beautiful. We call it, ""DANCE PARTY."""
"Indian Mummy on Maternity Leave | Kukku's G.K, Pets an Best Frenemy | Th..."
Women reaction to nerf war in indian way || HUSband Ki Wine
Arnab moves to DD News for Modi Interview
Nervous guy attempts to show off
Shouldnt it be humour?
"Simply genius. Fuckumentaries - Episode 1 - The Universe 

Also - [Fuckumentaries - Episode-2 - Prison Break](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABV__esPYM4)"
Indian Mario
Lallan Bhaiyya on Sunny Leone starrer Ragini MMS 2
What all Abbas Mustan movies look like. (x-post from r/india)
Sunny leone comic
Vote to choose “Faking News Digvijay Singh of the Year” | Faking News
agar aap veena malik se shaadi karna chaahte hai to call kare987340938430 par. yeh us paagalkhaane ka number hai jahaan aapko bharti karvaane ki jarurat hai. - via Hindi Faking News :)
Awesome Ripping of Ra.One [NSFW]
Twin peaks : Savita bhabhi strips Barkha Dutt in LNN
Government to pre-screen babies before mothers can give birth to them
Congress provides its ministers with Slap proof Cricket Helmets
Why this kolaveri di Exam Version
Fake Walmart store discovered in Ulhasnagar during anti-FDI protests
Obama says sorry as NATO mistakenly bombs anti-India terror camp in Pakistan
Sheldon kolaveri @borrowedhour
MBA Parathewala
Rahul Gandhi defends his 'beggar' remark claiming he met many beggars frm UP. May b he was talking about party ticket aspirants.
Thousands of blog posts remain in drafts as Sachin misses century | Faking News
Abhishek Bachchan names daughter NoIdea Bachchan after pondering over twitter suggestions
Number 99 to be considered a 3 digit number in honor of Sachin
"Out of news, frustrated Rakhi Sawant jumps into borewell"
Astrologers condemn discovery of exoplanets
Kolaveri Dhokla launched in Gujarat as UN announces World Kolaveri Day
Savita Bhabhi Ke Sexy Solutions for Self Defense
Association of Powerful Bald Men Dissociates Itself From Vinod Kambli
Copy mooli
Ye toh arjun kapoor se bhi zada bezati ho gayi😹
Real RAW vs Reel RAW
Any comments on this ?
Why Sanju Baba why?
Bro exposed WakeUpSid 😂😭
Hindustan ka Tom Cruise
Ranbir Kapoor
No bollywood Spys were harmed here 💀
A nepo kid who is just damn good in his job
Master of Blank Stare Credit : [https://x.com/NishantADHolic\_/status/1987221554678374626?s=20](https://x.com/NishantADHolic_/status/1987221554678374626?s=20)
Kareena v/s Kangana who did better. Ewwwwwwweeee
"When you realise ""Nayak"" movie was way ahead of its time💯"
Collab none expected
Three different films by the way 😮‍💨 😮‍💨
Attention span worse than Adipurush's CGI
Accurate
Yograj singh wasn't acting in this scene
"Aman , Rahul , Anjali"
What's your most watched scene from a movie in recent times?
Dhoom 🔥
Really Cooked Spy Universe
Tauba Tauba
Ye kya baat hui 😭🙏
What an entry
Boyfriend Girlfriend
Congratulations kk
rajamouli rocked hollywood shocked !
I trained chatgpt to read Animal movie. So basically I uploaded script on the animal movie and asked for opinion on the animal movie to make a meme out of it.  This is what I got. It's not funny.
Multiverse of Madness - Wheelchair version
Frame to Frame copy
Barbenheimer: Rebirth
1 > 2 what do you think?
WHY ALWAYS BHOI😭💔😡
Battle of superstars before lottery 😭💀🙏
He was like: Ye le dhafli tu sambhaal
Exam Hall Whisper Challenge: Fail
BTS of 700cr ka Adipurush. Paisa kamane ke liye movie flop hona jaruri he.
Trend of the year
Akshay to Twinkle after every episode of that show!
Auto wala when there is no space left for extra passenger
End of debate...
POV : Everyone is part of jacket trend
Perfect sync
The only right way to use adrak
I wish he gets sued by every musician he plagiarized from. He built his career on stealing so many people's music all over the world.
Now India's politicians also needs to play this OST as a victory music WWE style
Downfall is real
Tell Brad Pitt to do this level of acting 😭🙏
Shahenshah Style
Mere naal tu whistle baja
Munni Matram
Go full method!
hope I am convering all
"Ek hi sawaal desh pooch raha hai Bhai, yeh mass kaunse ghee se bana hai?"
Dhoom 4 shooting in New York City confirmed
The Old ways
Amreeka Kyaa Kahtaa Thaa?
Let's settle this once and for all. Who's the real OG?
Take some notes
"Vanga thought his title-ing of Prabhas would make a lot of noise. Lord Sid be like “hold my jacket” The trend has gone so viral that if it was a homage to Sonny Hayes look from F1 or a copy, its doing only good to the film coz any publicity is good publicity."
Nuanced take by Chetan Bhagat! This really cracked me up! Never thought I would have heard this from Chetan Bhagat in my lifetime. 😂
Being Single
Biopic work started after the World Cup win !
"Me to the gen alpha for the whole past month Fu*king low effort ""meme"""
Bhoi’s own Epstein Island 👹
ab yah afawah kaun faila raha SRK next movie based on super commando dhruv
End of the debate
For real
"Growing up, i used to think tushar was the main character...took over a decade to realise only maroo (rajpal yadav) is the best lead in this iconic film !"
"To all the haters, who asks him about marriage..."
Kyu hila dala na
"End of the debate Painting titled 'Freedom of Speech' by Norman Rockwell, created in 1943."
Greece god
Govinda has entered the Chat.
Big B did it before SRK PS: SRK fans don't start attacking me. This is just something I noticed
Biggest superstar before lottery 😭🙏
New record !!
"F1 look? Bro, it’s JHMS 2.0 with better lighting"
"""No originality left in Hollywood, Such a scarcity of talent"" 🤬"
"Amateurs. 1899. Checkmate, Bollywood."
"End of Debate. India's biggest superstar. I searched India's greatest bollywood star and look what showed up. Things are clear now, we have been misleaded, Arjun is the real superstat. Period."
Bob Dylan 1963
"Bruh, I love this editor 😅"
"Don't love ur job, job ur love ! Sanam teri logic 😔💔🥀"
90s Bollywood movie photoshoots were something else
Biggest superstars 😭🙏
God forbid
Who did it better?
Runs in the Family
Me watching people celebrate Halloween in India
She hurt Bro
The Disappointment
GOATed fr😅
Brad pitt copied from the look of Greek god
I am looking at you Oscar
No one gets as trolled as Arjun Kapoor. Look at replies on his Insta posts and another level is someone making a compilation of these in a reel
how to unsee this [NOC]
Fashion Icon
Who copied who
